---
title: Terms and Conditions
---
# Terms and Conditions
Please read the following Terms and Conditions carefully. They are important and represent a binding agreement between you and Beyond Tutors Ltd. These Terms and Conditions are for the use of our website, using our services and any correspondence between the parties and apply to individual consumers and businesses.

## About Us
Beyond Tutors Ltd is a company registered in England.

## Background
We own and operate the website [Beyond Tutors](/), which displays tutoring support services, including introducing Tutors to the Clients and other related Services. The administration and management of tutoring Sessions, finalising Project details and other relevant tasks is managed through the TutorCruncher application.

## Your Privacy
We take data protection very seriously and take all reasonable steps to look after your Personal Data. To use our Services you may need to give us your Personal Data or personal information.You may refuse at any time to give this permission and you have the right to access your Personal Data. However, it may mean that you cannot use our Service fully. Please read our [Privacy Policy**](/policy/data-privacy-policy.html) for more information on your privacy rights and how we look after your data.

## Cookies
Our website uses cookies; by using our website or agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, you agree to our use of cookies following the terms of our Privacy and Cookie Policy.

## Definitions
“**Beyond Tutors**” ”**We**” ”**Us**” or “**Our**”  (plural or singular)means Beyond Tutors Ltd which owns and operates the website [Beyond Tutors](/)  and organises Tutors to provide Services to Clients.“**User**” “**Visitor**” “**Client**” “**you**”, and “**your**”  (plural or singular) meanssite visitors, clients, and any other users of the site“**Tutor**”  means tutor, teacher or someone who provides Services as a freelancer or engaged by Beyond Tutors.”**Service**” or “**Services**”  mean the Services provided by the Tutors organised by Beyond Tutors Ltd, for example, lessons, university admissions support, testing, marking, proofreading, “**Parties**” Beyond Tutors Ltd and the Client collectively.“**Session**”  means a single period in which the tutor provides the tutoring Services, for example, a maths lesson online or face to face.“**Project**”  means the tutoring Services arranged by Beyond Tutors between the Tutor and the Client.“**Tuition Arrangement**”  means the Services provided by the Tutor arranged for the client.“**Website**”or ”**Site**”  Means the website** [Beyond Tutors](/), which is owned and operated by Beyond Tutors.

## 1. Payment and Charges
**1.1** You must be 18 years of age or older to buy our Services. Persons under 18 must get consent from a parental authority. **1.2** You agree to pay all costs and charges related to the Services you have ordered from Beyond Tutors and agree to use the correct payment facilities and processes.**1.3** Prices and costs may change sometimes in the normal course of business practice. However, if we changed the price after you placed the order you will be expected to pay the original price and not the changed price for that order.

## 2. Payment Process
**2.1** You agree to follow our processes and procedures for buying Services. **2.2** You can pay for Services using a credit or debit card or other payment methods using the payment processes provided by Stripe through the TutorCruncher platform. **2.3** You will be asked to consent to Stripe collecting, processing and storing your payment details to allow payment to be taken automatically for future invoices. An invoice will be sent to you before each automatic payment is due. **2.4**  You may also pay by bank transfer. Your invoice will include information about how to make such payments. **2.5** You agree that placing an order means you are obliged to pay for the Service you have ordered.

## 3. Lawful Purposes
**3.1** You may use our Site for lawful purposes only. You agree to be financially responsible for all purchases made by you or someone acting for you through the Site. You agree to use the Site and to purchase our Services through the Site for legitimate purposes only.  Those for children accompanied by a ‘parent’, **3.2** You must not post or transmit any material which violates or infringes the rights of others through our Site. Or which is threatening, abusive, racist, offensive, defamatory, libellous, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane, or otherwise objectionable, contains injurious formulas, recipes, or instructions, which encourages behaviour that that would be a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law.** At events and activities open to all ages, children under 16 must be accompanied throughout by an adult over the age of 18 who not only brings the child but also takes the child home again afterwards. Young people aged 16 or 17 may attend unaccompanied if they bring the written consent and mobile telephone number of one of their parents.

## 4. Site Refusal
**4.1** We display our Services, but it is our decision if we accept your order or requests. We have the right to refuse any order, person, or entity, without having to give a reason for doing so. We cannot accept an order until payment has been processed and received. We may at any time change or stop any aspect or feature of the Site, as long as we have fulfilled our previous responsibilities to you such as payment or refunds.Those for unaccompanied children, which are sometimes run alongside other events/activities.

## 5. Our Services
**5.1** Our services may include, but are not limited to, hosting and maintaining this Website, facilitating and coordinating any arrangements between you and the Tutor, and assisting you in resolving any disputes, which may arise in connection with such arrangements. We will also keep you informed about all activities related to your specific requirements.
**5.2** Our Website is designed for your convenience and aims to provide an intelligent database for you to make relevant searches and manage your needs and network.We will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Tutors we engage have suitable skills and experience to fulfil your requirements. **5.3** We are not an employer, recruitment agency or recruitment business. **5.4** All Tutors are independent contractors only and are not employees, partners, or part of a co-venture. **5.5** Unless stated otherwise, Tutors are not our representatives authorised to speak on our behalf or bind us to any agreement. **5.6** You may get in touch with a Tutor you are interested in through the website using the website facilities. However, you are solely responsible for evaluating and determining the suitability of any Tutor you choose for your Project.

## 6. Your Obligations
**6.1** Before starting any event for unaccompanied children, the Team will carry out a risk assessment and then take steps to minimise all risks to health and safety. Parents and children will be made aware of any particular risks and of the steps to be taken to minimise those risks. The Team will keep a record of all risk assessments. **6.2** You must not make any private or business arrangements or agreements with any Tutor introduced to you by Beyond Tutors. We have the right to take appropriate legal action if you are found to have breached this condition. **6.3** During the term of this Agreement and for 12 months after termination you will not solicit, canvass, make any offers to or direct payments to or entice away any Tutor, firm, company or organisation which has dealt with Beyond Tutors in the 12 months before termination. **6.4** If we require a decision, approval, consent or any other communication from you to continue providing our Services at any time, you agree to do this in a reasonable and timely manner. **6.5** You agree to give us or our tutor a temporary licence to enter your premises to provide face-to-face lessons or any other appropriate part of our services. **6.6** If our lessons or part of our service are conducted face to face at your home or workplace or venue, you agree to;a. Make sure that we or the Tutor have access at the agreed times;b. Have adequate and appropriate public liability insurance to cover any consequences arising out of the services performed by us or the Tutor;c. Make sure reasonable precautions and procedures are in place concerning the health and safety of the Tutor or any other relevant person from Beyond Tutors. **6.7** You agree to fully co-operate and assist us in complying with our duties under these Terms and Conditions and relevant law.

## 7. Cancelled Sessions
**7.1** We operate a 48-hour cancellation policy which means that if you cancel a lesson less than 48 hours before the lesson time we may under certain circumstances charge you for the full price of the cancelled lesson. **7.2** If you cancel a lesson or Session within 48 hours before the Session, we will not charge you the price of the cancelled lesson the first time you cancel. However, we reserve the right to charge you the price of the cancelled lesson if you cancel within 48 hours of the Session for the following sessions, depending on the circumstances. **7.3** If you do not turn up to the lesson and do not notify us beforehand you will be charged automatically the full price of the lesson as a ‘No Show’.

## 8. Refunds
**8.1** Under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013, you can cancel a Service bought online within 14 days before the particular Service has started for any reason. This is sometimes called the cooling-off period. You can ask us for a refund at any time within this period. However, this only applies if you have bought any of our lessons or Sessions without face-to-face contact, and where you have not had an opportunity to discuss the service in person. **8.2** To withdraw from a contract for services within 14 days. In our case, this applies to lessons you have booked you must give a clear statement in writing that you wish to cancel, this may be done by sending us an email. However, if you decide to start the lessons within the cooling-off period you will not be able to get a refund. **8.3** The above cooling-off period does not affect your rights under the Consumer Rights Act (2015) concerning services. **8.4** You and Beyond Tutors Ltd are responsible for notifying one another in advance of any necessary changes to the tuition timetable. Wherever possible an alternative date will be arranged. **8.5** If you are cancelling a service within the 14-day period you must tell us by email that you want to cancel your contract with us and we will give you a full refund.

## 9. Service Description
**9.1** We try to describe and display our services as accurately as possible. While we want to be as clear as possible in explaining our services or giving their description or any other information, we give no guarantee that information on the Site or any other material including emails and marketing material online or on social media is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. **9.2** We are not responsible for any inaccuracy, error, or incompleteness in our website, marketing or social media content. **9.3** We may refuse or cancel any order with an incorrect price listing. However, if you have already paid for the service you will only be charged for the lower price unless it was a genuine and honest mistake on our part that you should’ve noticed.

## 10. Intellectual Property Rights
**10.1** Our Site, marketing material, online content, social media content, stationery or any other Beyond Tutors material contains intellectual property owned by Beyond Tutors Ltd, including trademarks, copyrights, proprietary information, and other intellectual property. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, distribute, display, reproduce or perform, or in any way exploit in any format any of the Site Content or intellectual property, in whole or in part, without our written permission or specific reference to an exception under UK legislation, for example,The Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. We may use our right to immediately terminate this agreement without a refund if you are caught breaking this intellectual property policy.

## 11. Termination
**11.1** You agree that we can terminate your use or access to this Site and our Services at any time without notice if you break any of these terms and Conditions. **11.2** The term of this agreement is for the duration of the Service or until performance has been completed by both parties. **11.3** This agreement can be terminated at any time for any reason by mutual agreement in writing.

## 12. Climate Assurance
**12.1** Both parties agree to, wherever possible, perform their obligations under this Agreement in a way that reduces or minimises the Carbon Footprint associated with any activities under this Agreement. For example, using digital forms and communication instead of paper forms or using non-plastic items. **12.2** Either party should use all reasonable efforts to make sure that any necessary third party, use such documents or plastic and perform such acts as may reasonably be required for reducing the Carbon footprint as a measure to protect the environment.

## 13. Responsibility and Liability
**13.1** Nothing in the Agreement will:
- limit or exclude the liability of a party for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
- limit any liability of a party in any way that is not permitted under applicable law;
- exclude any liability of a party that may not be excluded under applicable law.

**13.2** We do not guarantee that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. **13.3** We do not guarantee the results or outcomes that may be obtained from the use of our Services. **13.4** You agree that from time to time we may reasonably remove the Service for indefinite periods or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you. **13.5** We will not be liable in respect of any loss of profits, income, revenue, use, production, or anticipated savings or earnings you may have suffered during or after using our service **13.6** We will not be liable for any loss of business, contracts, or commercial opportunities you may have suffered during or after using our service **13.7** We will not be liable in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database, or software. **13.8** Subject to GDPR or the Data Protection Act 2018, if applicable, we will not be liable for any data breach or data protection losses that were contributed to or caused by you. **13.9** We are not liable for any delay concerning the provision of our Services resulting from your failure or delay in complying with any of the provisions of this agreement. **13.10** Content or any information we publish regarding Third Party Products or Services is only for information purposes and is not advice, recommendation or endorsement and is not intended to address Your particular requirement **13.11** Neither party will be liable for any losses arising out of a Force Majeure. **13.12** In no case will we, our employees or our representatives be liable for indirect, incidental, consequential or any other remedies as a result of using our Services or by any other third parties. Additionally, we are not liable for damages or remedies for website failure, error, omission, attack by hackers or pirates, interruption, delay in operation or transmission of videos, computer virus, or system failure; third-party theft of, destruction of or unauthorised access or alteration or use of your information or personal data (subject to GDPR or the Data Protection Act 2018 if applicable), whether we were negligent or not. **13.13** Neither party will be liable for breach-of-contractual damages suffered by the other party** that are remote or speculative, or that** could not have reasonably been** foreseen before entering into this agreement. **13.14** We provide a matching service where the tutor is an independent third party. We interview all tutors carefully and collect references, but they are not our employees or representatives. It is your responsibility to ensure that adequate adult supervision if appropriate is in place during tutorials or lessons.**13.15** We are not responsible or liable for any claims concerning any qualifications or documents given by tutors which later turn out to be inaccurate, misrepresentations or forgeries. **13.16** Beyond Tutors Ltd is not liable for any claims by you arising out of or related to tutoring by a Tutor introduced by Beyond Tutors Ltd. **13.17** You must not make private arrangements for tuition with a Tutor we have introduced you to. If this condition is breached we reserve the right to take legal action and seek appropriate compensation.

## 14. Payment for loss or damage
**14.1** You agree to indemnify or pay us for any losses, damage, settlements, liabilities, costs, charges, assessments, and expenses, as well as third-party claims and causes of action, including, without limitation, lawyer’s fees, arising from any breach by you of any of these Terms and Conditions. You will provide us with any help that we might ask for in connection with any such defence without any charge including, without limitation, giving us such information, documents, records, and reasonable access as we see necessary. You will not resolve any third-party claim or reject any defence without our previous written permission.

## 15. Notices
**15.1** Our Contact details are: Beyond Tutors Ltd. **15.2** All notices, requests, demands, and other communications under this agreement must be in writing and sent by email to: info@beyond-tutors.com

## 16. Whole Agreement
**16.1** These Terms and Conditions including the Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, and any attachments are the whole agreement between Beyond Tutors and you and cancel all other verbal or written understandings concerning this agreement which were made outside this agreement.

## 17. Events or circumstances beyond our reasonable control
**17.1**  Where an event beyond our reasonable control known as a Force Majeure Event gives rise to a failure or delay in either party performing its obligations under the Agreement (other than obligations to make payment), those obligations will be suspended for the duration of the Force Majeure Event. Examples of such events and circumstances, but not limited to, include fire, flood and other acts of God, strikes, trade disputes, lockouts, restrictions of imports or exports, riots, accidents, disruption to energy supplies, lockdowns, pandemics, civil commotion, acts of terrorism or war. **17.2** A party who becomes aware of a Force Majeure Event which gives rise to, or which is likely to give rise to, any failure or delay in performing its obligations under the Agreement;
<ol style="font-family: 'Abhaya Libre', serif;font-size: 25px;padding-left: 40px;" type="a">
    <li>must notify the other;** </li>
    <li>will inform the other of the period for which it is estimated that such failure or delay will continue.</li>
    <li>the affected party will take reasonable steps to mitigate the effects of the Force Majeure Event.</li>
</ol>

## 18. Invalid Clauses
**18.1** If an appropriate court or arbitrator decides that a clause or condition in this contract is invalid or it conflicts with a law, the invalid clause can be cut from this agreement leaving the rest of the agreement valid and unaffected.** The term of this agreement is for the duration of the Service or until performance has been completed by both parties.

## 19. Right to take action**
**19.1** If we do not take action because you have broken a clause in these Terms and Conditions it does not mean that we will not be able to use our rights in any other situation where you breach these Terms and Conditions or other legal responsibilities or duties you have to us.

## 20. Headings
**20.1** The subject headings of the paragraphs and subparagraphs of this contract are included for convenience only. They do not affect the construction or interpretation of any of its provisions. The term of this agreement is for the duration of the Service or until performance has been completed by both parties. **20.2** Words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore referring to the same.

## 21. Waiver
**21.1** No breach of any provision of the Agreement will be waived except with the express written consent of the party not in breach.** 

## 22. Variation and amendments
**22.1** This Agreement may not be varied or amended except by a written document signed by or on behalf of each of the parties.** 

## 23. Assignment
**23.1** This agreement or any clause in this agreement cannot be assigned, delegated, sub-licensed, or transferred by either party unless the other party has given that party written consent.** 

## 24. Privity of contract
**24.1** This Agreement is made for the benefit of the Parties and is not intended to benefit any third party or be enforceable by any third party. The rights of the parties to terminate, rescind, or agree to any amendment, waiver, variation or settlement under or relating to the Agreement are not subject to the consent of any third party.

## 25. The law of this agreement
**25.1** You agree that any dispute or claim arising out of this agreement or in connection with its subject matter or formation, including non-contractual disputes or claims, will be governed and interpreted according to the law of England and Wales in English. You also agree that English courts have exclusive jurisdiction except for negotiation and mediation resolution which may be used as an option before court action if both parties agree.

## 26. Disputes
**26.1** Any dispute relating to this Agreement, which cannot be resolved by negotiation between the parties may within 30 days of either party giving notice to the other party that a dispute has arisen, may be submitted to mediation by a mediator mutually chosen by the Parties and that the mediation or negotiation may be conducted online in English using an accredited mediation service. The initial Mediation cost only is to be shared equally between the parties. Failing settlement of that dispute within 14 days, the dispute may be submitted by any party for a final decision to an English court which will have exclusive jurisdiction subject to the Governing Law clause above.
